1.)
    a.)Interconnected group of computers and computing equipment, with wires or radio waves;Can share data and resources.
    b.)The transfer of digital or analog data, over digital or analog signals.
    c.)The study of telephones and telephone systems
    d.)Small geographaic network, usually encompasses single room, floor, or building
    e.)Network of a few meters, usually between personal wireless devices
    f.)Network that reaches the area from 1 to 30 miles, aproximately the size of a city
    g.)Network that covers parts of states, whole states, countries, and world
    h.)Act of designing, installing, and supporting a network; both hardware and software
    i.)To have various elements come together to a single point or location
    j.)Network that spans buildings in a school campus

2.)
    A node is a single computing device that connects to the network, an access point to the network. In contrast to a subnetwork which is the collection of those nodes, along with the lines of transmission between these nodes.
    
3.)
    Applications that need to retrieve data from other locations, for example a web browser retrieving a web page from a foreign server.
    
4.)
    Most likely a company working in manufacturing that need it to control machinery and necessary to keep statistics organized.
    
5.)
    The computer uses binary to interface with the internet
    
6.)
    An application that controls robots on an assembly line in a manufacturing company.
    
7.)
    It helps to map or identify how a network is built, as well as where a modification may be inserted.
    
8.)
    Application, Transport, Network, Network Access, Physical
    
9.)
    Application, Presentationc Session, Transport, Network, Data Link, Physical
    
10.)
    If we compare the TCP/IP protocol with the OSI protocol, we see that there are more layers in OSI to keep more organized
    
11.)
    Common application is e-mail
    
12.)
    A logical connection is one that relates two points within software or code, never connect.  As opposed to a physical connection which is when matter is directly in contact with the two points
